Add gitlab support (#102)
Kong/insomnia-docs: docs/insomnia/git-sync.md

## Remote Repository Settings

When configuring a remote repository, you can chose to either connect with GitHub or Gitlab.  Another option is to setup with a remote repository.

### Set up a remote repository with GitHub

> 1. Click on the **Setup Git Sync** on the upper right hand corner of the Insomnia App.

Author: Ah yes it probably is a holdover from Insomnia Designer.  Good catch!

2. Click on the GitHub tab under "Configure Repository"
3. Click on the **Authenticate** button.
4. Click on **Continue**. If the browser has already been authenticated with Github, the page will say "Successfully authenticated Insomnia".
5.  You might be prompted to continue by your browser through the Insomnia app via  "Choose Application" box.  If you are not, you can follow the instructions on the page to complete Github account authentication with the Insomnia App.
6. You can now clone any repository from GitHub! Copy the HTTPS URI for the GitHub repository you want to connect to and paste it into the "GitHub URI" field.

### Set up a remote repository with GitLab

1. Click on the **Setup Git Sync** on the upper right hand corner of the Insomnia App.
2. Click on the GitLab tab under "Configure Repository"
3. Click on the **Authenticate with Gitlab** button. Your defualt browser will open and automatically redirect you to GiLab to sign-on, if you need to.
4. You will be asked on GitLab if you would like to authorize Insomnia to connect with your GitLab account.  Click on **Authorize**.

> 5.  You will be redirected to the Insomnia website which will say "Successfully authenticated Insomnia". You might be prompted to manually add your gitlab authentication manually to the Insomnia App.  Check the Insomnia App if the sync finished.  If you still see the option to manually paste in your GitLab authentication code, then copy it from app.insomnia.rest into the Insomnia App. Then Click on **Sync**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Return to the Insomnia app and wait for sync to finish.

6. You might be prompted to manually add your GitLab authentication to the Insomnia app. If you still see the option to manually paste in your GitLab authentication code, copy it from `app.insomnia.rest` into the Insomnia app, then click  **Sync**.
```

> 6. You can now clone any repository from GitLab! Copy the HTTPS URI for the GitLab repository you want to connect to and paste it into the "GitLab URI" field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. You can now clone any repository from GitLab! Copy the HTTPS URI for the GitLab repository you want to connect to and paste it into the "GitLab URI" field.
```
